good one all the best on have you head
mean up and pick it up with Oh get out
how'd you shoot red Jack Barrett oh is
it foul come on ruff we are just go wake
up we hear dings play look at this where
am I turbo Oh kind of like Greg go run
come on Josh let me make a sub-sub yah
search out the celebration and
everything I hope that's not a sign of
things to go well it's not easily this
and what am i doing that's like okay my
what a finish huh what a finish oh Jesus
come on go a step up oh yeah Ravi okay
that's it's not greedy look this darker
haven't played this before I've seen a
joke turning the ball over seriously
look at this again absolutely killed
just like real life it's like my gosh
get out slump it for panicking okay just
fine there you go awesome simshar to get
nice little bit I'm Chuck get out of
here he actually been in my house yet no
okay that's a foul thank you very okay
started off well I had a corner kick in
like a third-minute just went small ball
here
dump it now no pressure
fine
Oh 3 dot the bits it s came to us as out
bus is leaving in half time yet we're
gonna stop the bleeding here Jesus what
if deep down huh need to go forward
taken by halftime done it dan tell me
really quick three ninth and a half this
uh seems to ring true to real life hey
Robbie looks like he's about ten years
younger out there digital TV he's
grounded circles around our deepest that
is real life though right rabbit I mean
the god ergo he was being told is like
you should have saved at least to the
working the quality of the finishes
there's a bit like last year yeah HEV is
in real life hello I think the
goalkeepers more worried about his hair
that good ya gotta pass a golfer nice
actually let you gave one that landing
like that in the MLS company miss so
it's nice to see him score to tap in
here yeah it's nice process so you rated
78 overall in this game it's a little
bit too low I think I mean yeah yeah
maybe I shouldn't told you I mean cuz
you're playing a grain that's a c-plus
listen it's all about the result oh yeah
treasure 30 take the number 74 galaxy is
on four people will see what happens in
the second half good luck yeah you're
gonna need it in yeah no chance to
conclusions each other at last I do take
up
one such out of the back maybe you can
take it all I was good little things Dan
a couple completed passes getting back
in some confidence go it seems like it's
okay get it very teen pinch it makes I'm
ticket I get Calif just dropping tackle
tackle 10 let's say that was glass that
was wow it's about time to keep our step
up look at this distribution we just pop
right out of a yeah come on no just eat
here boom how long are you going awesome
hi down sit down
oh nice me back oh yeah oh this is my
guys should come on right it's a red
card okay let me do look oh my gosh
Tristan search yourself out okay
congratulations plating okay sorry for
that snooze house crazy there thank you
right here